Hey guys in this we do we we're taking a look at what we've learned in this section.
Let's start by opening up more power shall we know in the server directory piped in.
So yes and then open up and search inside and result directory in the master window.
Now let's go to a browser.
Open up our app.
Now let's go to the registration page
and here we can see that registration is successful.
If you go to our server command you can see the post request semi-successful.
Now let's open up our guest so called application stretch.
We can see our token start here.
Now let's look up and we can see that a token is clear.
Now let's look in again.
Now we are locked in here.
We can see that a token inside a local store.
Again in this video we've seen a demonstration off our locked in a registry function.
The next session we're setting up our profile and address API on the server site.